# CourseSiteGenerator

University courses are required to provide course materials at the start of a term that help students understandcourse requirements and plan their semesters. These come in the form of a course syllabus and schedule that listinformation like course policies and dates for exams and assignments. Many times instructors find the mostconvenient means to disseminate this information is by way of a course Web site. Course Web sites are typicallypublished at the start of a semester and are updated as it progresses. Such a site keeps the students up to date ondeadlines and provides a place for instructors to distribute things like lecture slides.Places like Stony Brook University’s Computer Science Department have long required a Course Web Site foreach taught course, and so every semester, the instructors teaching these courses generate and update thiscontent. This process can be time consuming and tedious. In addition, many times instructors have moreimportant things to do than build beautiful templates, and the result is each course Web site looks different,making it difficult for students to find the content they are after as they navigate differently arranged structures.But why use course sites at all? Why not just use a tool like Blackboard for organizing course content? Well,sites that that have their own difficulties. They require time consuming login and navigation processes, they domany things, and so many things interfere with the quick retrieval for what a student is looking for, and they aregeneral purpose sites, and so are cluttered with many things a course isn’t even using. For an instructor, buildingand maintaining a custom course Web page still provides the best service to its students.The Course Site Generator application intends to automate the process of building and updating a course Website in one easy to use tool. The sites produced by this application will look good and will be customizable in anumber of different ways, but will exist within a common site and page structure.